doc: matter: Add a known issue about the nRF53 network crash (#11558)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_matter` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-4-0 v2-3-0

> KRKNWK-12467: Application core can crash on nRF5340 when there is a high load on the Main Zephyr thread.
>   The Main Zephyr thread's priority is set to the same value as the IPC thread's priority (0).
>   Due to that when the Main thread is working for a long time and during that, there is an IEEE802154 radio interrupt the application core can crash due to a lack of communication with the network core.
>   To avoid blocking the communication between cores the Main thread priority should have a lower priority than the IPC priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-12467: Application core can crash on nRF5340 when there is a high load on Zephyr's main thread
  The priority of Zephyr's main thread is set to the same value as the IPC thread's priority (``0``).
  Because of this setting, when Zephyr's main thread is working for a long time, an interrupt related to the IEEE 802.15.4 radio driver can occur and the application core can crash due to a lack of communication with the network core.
  To avoid blocking the communication between cores, the main thread priority should have a lower priority than the IPC priority.
```

  **Affected platforms:** nRF5340

>   **Workaround:** Add an additional config: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MAIN_THREAD_PRIORITY=1` to the build system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Add an additional config: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MAIN_THREAD_PRIORITY=1` to the build configuration.
```

>   **Workaround:** Add an additional config: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MAIN_THREAD_PRIORITY=1` to the build configuration.

Author: Done :)
